1. Sketch a logic framework that will provide the basis to allocate this trade based on the
information given and any necessary assumptions
a. What goals does your allocation framework achieve?
b. What are the key assumptions you made to build this framework?
c. Do any of these assumptions give you pause? If so, why? 


Allocation Framework
1) Re-evaluate existing fund position sizes based on traded price
1) Determine default allocations using fund position target sizes
2) Determine remaining capacity under fund position target sizes 
3) Compare allocations to remaining size under allocation target
	a) subtract existing fund position size from target position size
	b) if any new fund position sizes are in excess of target position sizes, add excess pro rata amongst remaining funds and repeat 3a
4) round to nearest even lot

Goals
a. primary consideration is to achieve fund position sizes consistent with proportion of fund nav to total firm nav but constrain position size to default exposure target.
b. assumes default exposure target for bonds is market value regardless of bond type
c. assumes positions are re-balanced monthly; any mtd performance is added to bom nav.  

2. How would you allocate this trade?
a. How do the goals of your allocation framework change?
Allocate pro rata with existing bond fund position sizes based on equity delta not market value
b. What are the key assumptions you made to adjust your framework?
Assumes the stock is an equity hedge to the convertible bond - the existing bond fund position size takes precendent over default exposure target
Assumes each fund has a locate in place for the short position equal to the total traded amount
c. Do any of these assumptions give you pause? If so, why? 
This may result in all funds being under hedged

3. What difficulty can you foresee with a manual (think excel spreadsheet) implementation of your
framework? 
The base allocation framework will likely be implemented using recursion

4. Alternatively, if you were to automate this process, what real-world pain points do you envision
with its creation?
If a position is not balanced at the start of the day the trade should not follow the default allocation framework
Hedges and related positions must remain balanced
a. What data, systems, and processes would you need to build and maintain in order to
automate this process? 
Start of the day positions sizes, mtd performance, a strategy tag to identify related positions

5. As a thought exercise (no need to build another framework) what approach would you use to
allocate these two trades assuming they needed to be paired and were eligible for multiple
funds?
If no default exposure target, allocate both trades pro rata with fund navs
Assumes each fund has a locate in place for the short position
	
6. What makes this question more difficult than the earlier allocation decisions?
The allocation should be based on delta exposure rather than market value

7. What simplifying assumption could you make in order to arrive at a reasonable answer? 
Equities will always be allocated using delta rather than market value

8. What additional information would you like to know to complete this exercise more accurately?
Identify the target exposure measure (equity delta, market value, vega, etc)


Considerations
Security type / primary exposure measure
Position increasing / decreasing
Risk or hedge
Impact of traded price on existing exposure measures
Dirty amount for bonds
Differences in fund valuation policies